Creating `@fluentui/react` package (#12364)
OfficeDev/office-ui-fabric-react: packages/react/README.md

# [Fluent UI React](https://dev.microsoft.com/fabric)

> **The React-based front-end framework for building experiences for M365.**

Reviewer: Probably do this? M365 is a bit jargon-y. :) But this new version is much better overall!
```suggestion
**The React-based front-end framework for building experiences for Microsoft 365.**
```

**Fluent UI 7** Summary, breaking changes, and more details available in [the wiki](https://github.com/OfficeDev/office-ui-fabric-react/wiki/Fabric-7).

> Fluent UI React is a collection of robust React-based components designed to make it simple for you to create consistent web experiences using the Office Design Language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fluent UI React is a collection of robust React-based components designed to make it simple for you to create consistent web experiences using the Fluent Design Language.
```

Reviewer: Bonus: add a link to the fluent design site
